Edit HTML Elements: input (#2672)
Codecademy/docs: content/html/concepts/elements/terms/input/input.md

## Example

> The following examples use a `<form>` element that features `<input>` elements. Also, the `for` attributes are linking the [`<label>` elements](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/label) to the `id` of the `<input>` elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following examples showcase a number of `<form>` input elements. Within these elements, the `for` attribute is used to link the [`<label>`](https://www.codecademy.com/resources/docs/html/elements/label) to the `id` of the `<input>` element:
```

Reviewer: Just a suggestion. I felt like the original could be streamlined a bit.
